        ---
        title: 'Buy Aftermarket Automotive Parts | MAHLE Aftermarket Europe — moteur-electrique-de-ventilateur - s002'
        source_type: guide
        category: knowledge
        truth_level: L2
        verification_status: unverified
        slug_gamme: moteur-electrique-de-ventilateur
        source_uri: https://www.mahle-aftermarket.com/
        source_url: https://www.mahle-aftermarket.com/
        source_domain: www.mahle-aftermarket.com
        created_at: '2026-04-11T09:16:25.206090+00:00'
        updated_at: '2026-04-11T09:16:25.206090+00:00'
        ---

        # Buy Aftermarket Automotive Parts | MAHLE Aftermarket Europe — moteur-electrique-de-ventilateur

        MAHLE Receives CARA Certification for Battery Diagnostic Function E-SCAN
MAHLE HeatX Range+ for More Range in Winter
MAHLE maintains top position in climate protection
MAHLE Service Solutions
Our website for all workshop equipment products! TechPRO® , RemotePRO®, TechPRO® Digital ADAS, FluidPRO®, FluidPRO® Oil Line, ArcticPRO® , EmissionPRO® , OzonePRO, BatteryPRO.
MAHLE Distributors Portal
Explore our extensive portfolio via the eCatalog and discover our promotional merchandise in our Marketing Fanshop. Elevate your expertise through our online training platform, create claims via our Service Ticket system and get access to our TechCom Order Portal.
Browse the extensive online catalog to explore MAHLE’s offer.
MAHLE Aftermarket GmbH, Schorndorfer Str. 96, 73614 Schorndorf, Telefon +49 711 501-0
A seamless sales network guarantees you that your MAHLE products are exactly where you need them.
MAHLE marketing e-shop
From clothing and workshop equipment, to games and exciting promotions - we got everything to make a mechanic's heart beat faster!
Flyers, brochures, tips and tricks - here you can download everything!
Click here for our installation videos and animations on our YouTube channel.
MAHLE Workshop Heroes Magazine
Our online magazine has been offering exciting insights behind the scenes of the workshop, telling stories from the aftermarket, and regularly providing interesting contributions related to technology and product knowledge from MAHLE.
Always a great choice
The MAHLE Thermal Management Range with OE and OE-Matching-Parts
Thermal management background knowledge at first hand—welcome to the new TechTool by MAHLE.
Valuable technical information and tips pertaining to all aspects of servicing and repairing MAHLE Aftermarket products keep you up to date.
Seven great brands embody the trust that experts place in the expertise of MAHLE Aftermarket. Our partners in retail, repair shops, and engine reconditioners benefit from this trust.
